Language fixes to configuring Fusion security (#497)
vaadin/docs: articles/fusion/security/configuring.asciidoc

}
----

Vaadin access-control features are enabled by default for any endpoint method:

> if not specified in Java code explicitly, before invoking an endpoint method, the presence of a `Principal` object in the request is required.

Author: ```suggestion
if not specified in Java code explicitly, a `Principal` object must be present in the request before invoking an endpoint method.
```

== Other Security Options

By default, all anonymous and authenticated requests are denied.

> In order to change the default behavior, a security Java annotation should be placed either on the endpoint class or on the endpoint method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the default behavior, place a security Java annotation on either the endpoint class or on the endpoint method.
```

The following annotations are available:

> * `@PermitAll`

Author: ```suggestion
* [classname]#@PermitAll#
```

> * `@PermitAll`

Author: Yes, fine. I hope I've done that correctly.

Allows any authenticated user to call a method via the request.

> * `@RolesAllowed`

Author: ```suggestion
* [classname]#@RolesAllowed#
```

Grants access to users having the roles specified in the annotation value. Roles are covered in the <<permissions,next section>>.

> * `@DenyAll`

Author: ```suggestion
* [classname]#@DenyAll#
```

Disallows anyone from calling the method via the request. The default.

> * `@AnonymousAllowed`

Author: ```suggestion
* [classname]#@AnonymousAllowed#
```

    .then(response => console.log(response));
----

== Checking Authentication on the Client Side

> If it is required to know, on the client side, whether a user is authenticated, please read the <<authentication#, Checking Authentication>> article.

Author: ```suggestion
If it is required to know, on the client side, whether a user is authenticated, please read <<authentication#, Checking Authentication>>.
```

> If it is required to know, on the client side, whether a user is authenticated, please read the <<authentication#, Checking Authentication>> article.

Author: Yup. That makes good sense to me.

== CSRF Protection of Vaadin Endpoints

> Vaadin endpoints are protected from CSRF attacks using the same approach as the rest of Vaadin. See the <<{articles}/flow/security/vulnerabilities#cross-site-request-forgery-csrf-xsrf, Cross-Site Request Forgery>> section in the security guide for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Vaadin endpoints are protected from CSRF attacks using the same approach as the rest of Vaadin. See <<{articles}/flow/security/vulnerabilities#cross-site-request-forgery-csrf-xsrf, Cross-Site Request Forgery>> in the security guide for more details.
```
